It's an early Friday morning and a patrol car drives up an

unpaved road and parks next to a gutted police car on cinder

blocks. The camera pans with the OFFICER as he exits his car

and walks up to a ramp leading to the babay blue JAIL HOUSE.

He is carrying a greasy bag of fast food.

The Officer enters the lobby, tosses the bag of food to his

PARTNER who is sitting at a desk. He grabs a tin cup and

walks over to barred entrance to Block A. Twenty or so

CRIMINALS, from drunks to drug dealers are sleeping

peacefully in their cell on Block A. The Officer rattles the

tin cup between the entrance bar.

The inmates stir, rubbing their dirty faces and trying to sit

up. The camera dollies slowly down the narrow hallway of the

block which has three cells: Two small ones side by side, and

one bigger cell that faces the block entrance. The sound of

scribbling and business dealing can be heard from inside the

cell. It is AZUL jottin ginto a business ledger while

chatting on his cellular phone. His cell is equipped with a

small desk and a refridgerator. He hangs up the phone and

continues writing.

The Officer with the tin cup sits in a couch across from his

partner, who is now eating, and reads a magazine.

Azul picks up his phone and makes another call. He talks

business. In the other cell, prisoners are getting up and

looking around. Azul hangs up the phone and writes.

A gorgeous, bikini-clad BABE struts slowly into a tighly

framed glamour shot. She pauses, takes a deep breath, then

dives a 'perfect ten' dive into a house-side moat. She swims

long, slow motion strokes around the moat as the camera

tracks alonside her, lovingly admiring her tan lines and

hydrodynamic build. She slides out of the water and walks up

a cobble stone walk, dripping as she passes a seated

GENTLEMAN in a white suit. His face is unrevealed. As she

enters the house, he sets his drink down by a phone. He lifts

up the receiver and dials.

Azul's phone rings. He looks up at it, startled, as if no one

has ever called him before. He glances at his watch, and then

back at the phone, hesitating to answer it. He looks around

the cell block as if someone might be playing a trick on him.

Finally he answers it, pausing before saying hello. It is El

Moco.

MOCO is sitting on his porch drinking tequila.

Azul is walking towards his window at the sound of a truck

racing in.

A large truck drives up to the jail, parking beside the

police car. Two tall, well-dressed MEN step out. They reach

into the cab and pull out machine guns. They walk briskly

towards the jail.

Azul walks to his toilet and stands on it to see out his

barred window.

There is no response from Moco.

The Guard reading the magazine stands when he sees someone

approaching the door.

Close tracking shot of guns as Tall Men open the door and

enter the jail.

Azul looks out of the jail cell suspiciously. Peering down

the hall, he sees the guys with the guns. He hides behind the

wall, peering out to see what happens next.

The Tall Men walk right up to the guard, and hand him a huge

wad of money. The Guard tosses the money to his partner

(still eating), then turns to unlock the block entrance bars.

Azul puts the receiver back up to his mouth.

Moco, glancing at his watch, hangs up.

Azul hangs up the phone and kicks his Bodyguard awake. The

Bodyguard gets up and peers out the bars as Azul hides in a

corner.

The Tall Men walk steady and alert, ready to kill. They enter

Azul's block and scope out the cells.

The Bodyguard, seeing the tall men, retrieves his shotgun

from under his mattress and grabs his machete from under the

sink. He stands ready to fight.

The Tall Men move slowly towards the big cell, somewhat

cautious. They see the Bodyguard a second too late, for he

sticks the shotgun between the bars, and shoots one of them

before they can react. The shot one stumbles back into his

buddy's arms. Azul's Bodyguard, amused by all this, opens his

cell door effortlessly, and walks out as if to greet them.

The Tall Men hear the sound of the other cells opening, so

they turn around. The other prisoners on the block begin

exiting their cells, carrying guns and Molotov cocktails. The

Tall Man drops his gun. Finally, Azul exits his cell carrying

his phone. The Bodyguard forces the Tall Men into an empty

cell, closing and locking the door.

Azul presses the #-button on his phone. Moco's phone number

is automatically redialed.

Moco answers.

The cellmates throw their Molotov cocktails into the cell.

Moco hears the men screaming as they burn to death. Azul is

holding the phone at arm's length into the cell.

The Guards exchange glances when they hear the screaming,

they smile and shrug, then go back to what they were doing.

As Azul and his Bodyguards exit the block, the Guard with the

magazine stands up as if to stop them, but Azul tosses him a

wad of money and the guard sits back down to count it.

A blue truck races towards the jail.

Azul exits the jail carrying a shotgun. His Bodyguards get

inside the Tall Men's truck and start it. Azul waits

patiently for his blue truck.

As the blue truck pulls up, two little rat-like VATOS exit

the blue truck, one handing Azul a guitar case. Azul tosses

it onto the hood. The Bodyguards wave as they drive away.

Azul waves back. He opens the case, revealing an arsenal of

weaponry. Azul notices one piece is missing. One Rat quickly

pulls the missing weapon from his jacket and replaces it in

the case. Azul is unamused. He grabs his MAC-10 machine gun

from the guitar case and aims it at the thieving Rat's head.

Suddenly, the Guard bolts out the jail waving the wad of

money, as if complaining.

Azul turns his MAC-10 onto the Guard instead. A few blasts

later Azul and his rats pack up and go as the Guard twitches

helplessly on the ground, still clutching the money in his

bloody hand.

The blue truck barels down the highway and the camera pans

with the truck as it passes a hitchhiker, MARIACHI, standing

in the sun with a thumb in the air.

The truck passes him up so he continues walking. Mariachi is

carrying a guitar case in one hand and a black jacket in the

other. He is wearing a white T-shirt, black pants. The camera

pans to a sign that reads "ACUNA 18 miles".

Mariachi is walking around downtown Acuna. He notices a bar

across the street and, liking the way it looks, he puts on

his jacket and crosses over to it. He stops to read a sign on

the building that says "MEMBERS AND NON-MEMBERS ONLY". He

prays silently to himself before confidently walking inside.

Mariachi enters the club, greeting the PATRONS as ge makes

his way to the bar. No one seems to greet him back. He sits

on a barstool near some OTHER DRINKERS, laying his guitar

case down lovingly beneath his stool. He looks around the

place, as if sizing it up.

The other drinkers stare at him.

Glancing around the room, Mariachi notices a small, table-

shaped object draped with a cloth in one corner of the room.

Sitting directly behind him are four mean-looking dudes.

Mariachi is served his drink.

Mariachi gives him a silent "what" look.

The BARTENDER motions to a YOUNG MAN sitting near the small

draped table.

The Young Man removes the drape revealing a keyboard. Puts on

his mariachi hat, dips his fingers into his shot glass and

rubs his fingers together (as if warming up for the big

show). He hits a few switches in EXTREME CLOSEUP as...

... Mariachi adjusts himself to the seat.

The Young Men gently taps one switch and the keyboard sounds

like an accordion, pulsing out a beat. He then presses

another switch and a horn section swells to a crescendo and

waltzes the familiar riffs. He adds the string and horns

accents by banging on the keys. He sounds awful.

Mariachi grimaces slightly then turns back to the Bartender

who seems to enjoy it.

The Keyboard Mariachi finishes his song, sits back down.

Mariachi picks up his guitar and lays some money next to his

full drink. He looks disappointed.

The Bartender picks up the bottle of soda pop Mariachis left

behind and offers it to the other men on the table. They say

no, pay, and leave. The Bartender offers it to the MEAN DUDES

at the table.

They all shake their heads no.

The Bartender shrugs and dumps it.

Mariachi walks out and looks up and down the street. He

decides to walk south.

As he walks down the sidewalk, the camera pans into a CLOSEUP

of another guitar case that is moving towards the Corona

Club. The camera falls back a little revealing the backside

of Azul, dressed also in black. Azul walks into the bar.

Azul enters the bar, notices to his left the table with the

four mean-looking Dudes, drinking and eating chips and salsa.

The oldest one, with his back to Azul, takes a sip from his

mixed drink, then stands and excuses himself to the restroom.

The Old Mean Dude walks into the first stall and sits down.

The three remaining Dudes notice Azul's guitar case. So does

the Bartender. They all look at each other and laugh.

Azul walks the mean Dude's table. Their laughing quiets down

a bit as Azul stands before them. The Bartender stops

smiling.

The Bartender nods and grabs a frosty glass. He begins to

fill up at the tap.

Bartender stops filling the beer, stares at the half-full

glass for a moment, then drinks the beer.

Azul is staring at the three Mean Dudes. They stare back.

The Bartender slaps the unopened bottle down at the counter.

Azul doesn't pay attention to him.

You can sometimes find him here. He owns this place.

We work for him.

Azul turns to the mean Dude sitting to his left, and places

the guitar in his hands. The Mean Dude is confused.

Azul opens the case and pulls out the MAC-10. The other two

Mean Dudes are already reaching for their pistols.

The Bartender ducks beneath the counter.

Azul fires a million bullets into two of the Mean Dudes, (the

other is holding the case in shock). Their chests explode,

causing neat little dollops of flesh and blood fly

everywhere.

The Mean Dude holding the guitar case is frozen with fear. He

manages to look up at Azul, who is watching the Mean Dudes

die a slow, bloody death. The barrel of the MAC-10 is

smoking. Azul turns slowly to the Mean Dude holding the case.

Azul aims his MAC-10 in the Dude's face. Still frozen holding

the case, he spends his last moments looking down the gun's

barrel.

The shots caused Old Mean Dude to peer out from his stall as

the toilet paper fell to the ground and started to roll

across the floor. He now watches it roll as more shots ring

out. He pulls up his pants and and walks toward the door

slowly. He is sweating profusely. He slowly picks up the

toilet paper, plotting his next move. It grows silent... He

takes a deep breath and rushes out the door.

The Old Dude bursts into the room with a roll of toilet paper

in his hand, and a sheet of sweat sliding down his face.

The Bartender rises up from behind the counter.

The camera dollies slowly by the dead Dudes. Their blood-

bathed faces twisted into odd shapes and expressions. The

camera continues to dolly to the one dead Dude still holding

the guitar case. His face is a bloody pulp. The camera stops

dollying to the old Dude's mixed drink. A hand is stirring it

with a straw. The camera pans up the arm to reveal Azul,

standing expressionless with his gun sling over his shoulder.

Shot at 16fps the Old Dude quickly drops the toilet paper and

runs back inside the bathroom.

Azul turns to his guitar case and carefully chooses another

weapon. He grabs the drink and tosses a napkin over his arm

like a waiter, then casually follows the Old Dude into the

bathroom.

The Bartenders glance at each other. One pours a shot glass

full of tequila and raises it to his lips to drink it. Shots

ring out and the Bartender spills the drink over himself.

Without warning Azul bursts from the bathroom and walks

calmly to his case. He replaces the weapon, picks up the case

and leaves.

A few seconds pass before the bartender grabs the phone and

furiously dials.

The door bursts open as Azul reenters, storming to the bar.

The Bartender is so petrified he doesn't think to drop the

phone.

Azul walks right up to the Bartender.

The Bartender shuts his eyes. The sound of the beer bottle

popping open canbe heard, along with the sound of thirsty

guzzling. The Bartender opens his eyes to Azul.

CLOSEUP of the empty bottle slamming to the counter.

The Bartender glances down at the bottle.

CLOSEUP of Azul tossing a few coins near the bottle as

payment. Azul leaves.

A few seconds pass as the Bartender is standing there. You

hear Moco yelling into the receiver asking what's going on.

Moco is on the porch trying to get the Bartender to answer

him.

You hear Moco's voice through the phone. The camera dollies

into the Bartender as he screams into the receiver.

The camera dollies in to the corpses...

... and finally a low outdoor frontal tracking shot of Azul

walking away smiling as the image fades out.

Low angle of Hotel Coahuila sign. MEAN DUDE #5 enters the

frame as his beeper goes off. He runs into the Hotel

Coahuila.

Mean Dude #5 enters the lobby where an OLD CLERK is sitting

at the counter reading a yellowed newspaper. There is a pit

bull on the floor beside him.

Da me telefono.

Mean Dude #5 grabs the phone and dials Moco's number. He

glances down at the PIT BULL lying on the floor.

Pit bull?

The line is picked up and Mean Dude talks into the phone. He

pulls out a piece of paper from his coat pocket and places it

on the counter. He begins jotting down four names. He then

slowly crosses their names out.

The Viejo Clerk glances up from his paper. The Pit Bull also

glances up.

Clerk goes back to reading his paper. Pit Bull is still

paying attention, though.

Same low-angle shot of the outdoor sign displaying the name

Hotel Coahuila. Mariachi walks into frame, and pulls out his

wallet. Mariachi pulls out a few measly bucks then seems to

be considering what to do next.

An inside shot looking out of the front glass reveals

Mariachi looking at his wallet as Mean Dude talks to the

phone. No one notices him.

The Pit Bull turns and looks out of the window. Seeing

Mariachi, he gets up and walks to it.

Mariachi is putting his last few dollars back into his

wallet. As he is walking away he notices the Pit Bull and he

bends down for a closer look.

Low shot with long lens at full zoom of Mariachi tapping on

glass.

CLOSEUP of dog responing.

CLOSEUP of Mariachi tapping.

Mean Dude hangsup the phone. He writes a few more things. He

turns to leave.

As he passes the camera you can see Mariachi still playing

with the dog. Inside view CLOSEUP of Mariachi tapping on

glass.

The Mean Dude turns around and looks and looks at the Clerk.

Clerk turns to look at Mean Dude, who is walking back to the

counter.

Mariachi picks his guitar from the ground. He is in full

view, but no one is looking at him.

Mean Dude writes down a phone number and the description of

Azul on a little card.

The sarcastic smile fades from the old man. Mean Dude walks

away. The old man reads the card, then glances out the

window. Mariachi is gone.

Mariachi is turning a corner just as Mean Dude #5 exits the

hotel. The Mean Dude walks off in the other direction.

Mariachi enters Domino's bar. DOMINO is waiting on a few bar

bums that are nursing their jaws. Mariachi sits with them,

asks for a refresco, He gets looks again. Domino serves him

and he asks to see the owner. She says he's looking at the

owner. He then asks her for work as a mariachi. She says she

has no money to pay him. He looks arund the classy joint and

knows she's lying (it turns out to be true, she has no

money). When he asks how a girl can take care of herself in a

town like this she stuffs a gun barrel in his mouth. He

nurses his jaw, pays and leaves, as the others laugh.

Mariachi enters the run-down lobby of the motel. The Viejo

Clerk at the counter is reading his yellowed newspaper.

Mariachi sees the Pit Bull laying by the counter.

The Old Man hands Mariachi a key for the second floor.

As Mariachi walks away, the Clerk notices the guitar case and

black clothes and he rereads the card Mean Dude left him.

Mariachi stops in his tracks. He turns back to the Clerk

slowly... thinking.

The dog is watching the event.

The Clerk deposits the money, slams the register shut, and

continues reading his yellow paper. Confused, Mariachi

pockets his empty wallet and turns to find his room.

The Clerk peeks over his paper, eyeing the guitar case as

Mariachi goes. He hears the sound of Mariachi's footsteps

trailing off. The old man drops the paper and bolts silently

to the phone as he dials El Moco's phone number...

Mariachi opens his room, tosses his guitar onto the bed and

hangs his jacket in the closet. He has only his white T-shirt

underneath. He glances above the bed to a plaque bearing a

mace and two crossed swords. He checks out the shower and

washes his face in the sink. He sits down on his bed. A few

seconds later he drops back and lays there a minute before

kicking the door shut. He tries to sleep.

The Old Clerk is talking on the phone to the bad guys. He

hangs up the phone, then reaches into the back of his counter

for a gun. He places it on the counter and covers it with his

newspaper and continues reading.

Top shot of Mariachi sleeping. A shot of the mace on the

wall.

Mariachi is suddenly sleeping in the dirt. Same top shot as

in the hotel. He opens his eyes, then groggily he sits up.

ESTABLISHING SHOT of Mariachi sitting in the middle of a

ghost town. He stands up.

VARIOUS SHOTS of the empty town with nothing and nobody.

Medium shot dolly into Mariachi as he stands, turns and sees

a BOY bouncing a ball in slow motion. The Boy stops short,

holding the ball tight against the chest. Mariachi glances

around to maybe spot more people, before concentrating on the

Boy.

The Boy places the ball carefully on the ground, then gently

rolls it to Mariachi.

Tracking shot of the ball rolling to Mariachi. The ball

sounds like a speeding truck. Mariachi smiles at the boy.

CLOSEUP of the ball rolling.

CLOSEUP of the Boy smiling.

Mariachi bends to get the ball which makes the sound of a

screeching truck as it hits Mariachi's foot. Mariachi notices

that it's a man's severed head.

Mariachi bolts up in bed.

The Mean Dudes jump out of their truck and rush into the

hotel, guns drawn.

The men burst into the lobby and the old men tells them the

room number. They run out into the courtyard with the old man

following. The Pit Bull is uninterested in the action.

The Mean Dudes run up the courtyard stairs and kick open the

first door they come to and start blasting into the room.

Screams are heard. The men stand back, and finally look down

the steps at the Viejo Clerk who is waving his arms

frantically.

They run to the room numbered 127 and cautiously stalk

towards it as they reload their guns.

Mariachi is sitting on his bed listening to all this. He

bolts to the restroom and turns to the shower.

Shot of men still stalking, cocking pistols.

POV shot of what men see, as camera nears the door.

Mariachi rushes out of the bathroom towards the door.

Men kick open the door and burst into the room.

Low-angle shot as men burst in. There is no one in the room.

Mean Dude #5 hears the shower and motions to keep it down and

stalk quietly... They rush into the bathroom and start

blasting.

Mariachi slips out from behind the door and runs out.

Mariachi runs out of the room and jumps off the stairwell

onto the courtyard in front of the Clerk.

Mariachi darts out into the lobby. The old man watches him go

then turns his attention back to Mariachi's room.

The dog watches as Mariachi tosses his keys into the cubby

hole where they belong. Mariachi then jumps over the counter,

banging keys on the register to get it open.

The Mean Dudes run out of Mariachi's room, dart down the

stairs, passing the old man who is telling them where to go.

Mariachi, unable to open the register, jumps over the

counter.

CLOSEUP of his feet as he lands, causing the register to

burst open.

Mariachi truns for a second to ponder gettin ghis money or

risking dying, but then he checks to turn and run. Two

seconds later the Mean Dudes run in, one jumps over the

counter to see if he's there.

Mariachi runs atop the Mean Dudes' parked truck then jumps

into the bed of a passing truck. Mean Dudes run outside. The

Dudes hve their hands up as if they don't know what to look

for.

Shots of lots of people walking around, wearing black items.

The truck turns a corner and the driver halts, comes out with

a gun and tell Mariachi to get the hell out of his truck.

Mariachi leaps out. He is about to continue running, but he

stops, clenches his fists, and turns slowly as the camera

dollies into his face.

Camera dollies into the guitar case on Mariachi's bed.

Mariachi runs back in the direction of the hotel, but as he

turns the corner he has to slow down for the Mean Dudes are

everywhere. Each one has his gun out and is looking around

for the man in black. Mariachi walks slowly, whistling and

nodding to everyone as they pass. A few look suspiciously at

him but continue searching. Mariachi ducks inside the hotel.

Mariachi enters the lobby and winks at the old Clerk who is

standing over his open register in shock. His eyes widen when

he sees Mariachi. He runs out of the hotel.

Mariachi rushes in, grabs his jacket and puts it on. He grabs

his guitar case and squeezes it tight, his eyes shut. Slow

dolly into him, as his eyes open.

CLOSEUP of plague on wall with mace and swords. He grabs the

mace, swining it around a few times. He feels secure, now. He

turns to leave.

Mariachi rushes out the door, he looks down and sees the Mean

Dudes entering the courtyard. He ducks his head back just as

they look up to see him. Mariachi runs up a smal flight of

steps, where he then tosses his guitar onto a balcony, which

he then jumps over to himself.

The men rush up the steps shooting at the balcony. Bullets

narrowly miss Mariachi as he climbs over the balcony to

safety.

Mariachi dashes down the hallway out onto a balcony. He sees

no way down.

The Mean Dudes are climbing over the balcony like spiders.

Mariachi runs back and slams his guitar into the first guy to

make it over the balcony. His dummy falls down the stairs and

over the narrow railing. The Dude splats on the ground in

gruesome CLOSEUP.

The old man looks over at him as he dies, then turns back as

if nothing happened. Mariachi bolts back down the hill.

Mariachi is looking down the balcony trying to find a way to

escape. Mariachi looks behind him.

Mean Dudes barrel down the hallway reloading the guns.

Mariachi flings his mace over an electric cable, then stands

on the balcony lip, placing his guitar between his legs.

Mariachi is sliding down the cable and turns back to see Mean

Dudes firing guns at him. Bus stops in traffic and Mariachi

grabs his guitar and jumps onto the hood of the bus.

Mariachi jumps onto another car and then down into the

street.

Mean Dudes exit the hotel and chase him on foot while a few

get in the truck and chase him. The truck takes a short cut.

Mariachi is running through the sidewalks and streets in

front os curioso shops, jumping small carts and children and

cars to escape the two men behind him. He enters a small

cutoff where the truck tries to stop him by heading off. The

bad guys stick their heads and guns out of their windows and

laugh as they ready to shoot him. Mariachi, though, already

having built momentum, runs right up the front of the trucks

as the guys try to shoot him but not succeed in only shooting

each other as he runs up and over the cab, into the bed, and

onto the street. He swings his guitar case into another guy's

groin and grabs is gun, reaiming it to shoot Mean Dude #5.

Mariachi shoots him in the arm, and Mean Dude #5 drops his

gun and cowers away in pain. Mariachi then turns the guy's

gun on him and shoots him in the chest. Mariachi grabs his

case and as Mean Dude #5 turns to get s look at him, all he

sees is the case coming into his face. Mariachi heads back

for Domino's.

Mariachi stumbles through city streets, pausing against a

telephone pole as he gazes at Domino's Saloon across the

street.

Mariachi stumbles across, almost getting hit by a few cars,

and drags himself into the saloon.

Mariachi staggers into Amadeus and washes his face in a

fountain by the door. He makes his way to the bar as a patron

pays and leaves.

Domino turns around and looks at Mariachi, wondering hard is

he's joking. He lifts up a bloody hand, grabs a napkin, and

then seems to ask permission with his eyes before wiping his

hands clean.

Mariachi nods an ashamed yes.

Domino reaches for her gun under the counter.

The camera is on Mariachi when she brings it out and points

at him.

She cocks the pistol.

Mariachi stares at her expressionless. She stares back at

him.

She laughes.

Mariachi shakes her hand.

He tries to kiss her hand. She slides it away and

effortlessly slaps him.

He follows her to a doorway revealing an unlit staircase.

When he enters, the darkness swallows him as she shuts the

door behind him.

Mariachi enters a roomy, luxurious apartment above the main

bar.

There is a free-standing porcelain tub in the center of the

room. Mariachi places his guitar halfway between the entrance

and the tub. The camera is tracking backwards with him as he

walks, making th room look endless. He removes his jacket as

he makes his way to the tub. He drops his jacket onto the

floor and gently climbs into the tub. The camera faces him as

he settles back. The camera slowly dollies into him as he

lays back, crosses his fingers, and gives a relaxed smile.

Domino is washing a glass. She the then remembers she has the

gun in her waist belt, so she removes it and sticks it back

under the counter. Wounded Mean Dude #5 comes in limping. She

takes out a towel and drops it on the counter.

She brings up the phone and sets it down where the cloth was.

He picks up the cloth and wraps his arm with it.

Domino looks a little upset. She slides the phone towards him

a bit.

Domino smiles and pours him half a beer mug with tequila. He

laughs and drinks. As he's dialing, the camera is on Domino

as she cleans up a few things, every once in a while glancing

upstairs.

Mean Dude hangs up and puts his head in his hands.

Mean Dude #5 stumbles as he tries to stand.

He is about to walk off with the bloody towel and he turns

back pointing at it. She waves her hand at him, as if

granting him permission to take it. She cleans his glass, and

when he is gone she slams the glass down and runs for the

stairs. A few seconds later she comes back into the bar,

grabs the gun from under the counter and calls her assistant

to watch the bar. He sees the gun and wonders what she's up

to. She storms upstairs.

Domino opens the door abruptly and finds Mariachi taking a

bath. He bolts upright, pulls a towel up from the floor and

sits frozen waiting for Domino's next move. She laughs and

walks to the counter.

Domino turns to a counter and her smile fades. She looks like

she wants to rip Mariachi's throat out with her teeth. She

puts the gun down on the counter. She finds an omnious-

looking knife and then grabs a bottle of shampoo. She walks

over to him, then pulls the knife up to his throat with one

hand while grabbing his hair with the other. He opens his

eyes wide. The shampoo hits the floor and begins to roll.

The shampoo bottle rolls into the guitar case and stops.

Domino sees this, and with her foot reaches out and pulls the

case toward her.

Mariachi tries to catch his breath, pausing before answering

her as if wondering if all this is really happening.

Domino slides her foot out of her shoe, and unsnaps one of

the latches with her toe.

She unsnaps another. The latches snap loud and echo in the

quiet room. Mariachi gasps as she tightens her grip.

She squeezes his hair and unsnaps another latch.

Another latch snaps.

She lifts the lid with her foot. It seems an eternity before

the case is fully open. Domino is looking into the case, but

Mariachi is not. He knows what's in there.

Slow dolly into the case, which contains a white, well-kept

classical guitar. Domino is seeing it, and for a moment she

almost believes he is telling the truth.

She rushes to it, grabs the guitar and tosses it to Mariachi.

He catches it, choking after she releases the blade. She is

on the other side of the tub, now. She jams the knife down

between Mariachi's legs. Mariachi's eyes bug.

Domino shoves the knife in deeper and Mariachi grimaces

horribly.

Mariachi is sweating and his face is extremely red. He pauses

for a long time before plucking an odd note. She squints as

if she's caught him. But he eventually starts picking out a

sweet little melody.

Mariachi starts to sing but chokes on the words. He starts

over, playing a "Rancho Grande" sounding song with his own

made up words.

He finishes his song, bowing and thanking his imaginary

audience. Domino is smiling. She pulls the knife slowly out

of the water and wipes it off on her apron.

Mariachi bows a solemn thank you.

CLOSEUP of the knife.

She laughs.

Domino looks at him with a silent "what?".

She gets up slowly, and turns to leave. Mariachi settles

back, smiling triumphantly. Suddenly she darts around and

slams the knife between his legs again with a furious look on

her face. He bolts up out of this triumphant daze with a look

of complete shock. She loosens up and laughs.

She flings her knife aside. It sticks into a wall. She

shrugs, smiles a beautiful smile, turns, and goes downstairs.

Mariachi settles back down, closing his eyes. The knife slips

out of the wall and clangs to the ground. Mariachi jumps

again, rolls his eyes, and sinks underwater as the picture

fades.

Mariachi plays in Amadeus.

Camera tracks past a pool table where TWO RATS are playing

nine ball. They make a few shots, then the phone rings. The

camera continues to track past a small table where Azul's

guitar case lies open. Weapons adorn it, with each knife,

each gun in its pocket, in its own place. The camera

continues tracking to a dresser on which sits Azul's cellular

phone. A delicate female hand lifts the receiver. The camera

is now positioned above the bed as the GIRL answers the

phone.

He rolls over and wakes a GIRL sleeping beside her. Girl #2

takes the phone and passes it to a third GIRL as Girl #2

tries to wake Azul (he is sleeping between Girls #2 and #3.).

Girl #3 has the phone to her ear as if listening for

background conversation.

The two Rats playing pool are staring longingly at the three

Girls in Azul's bed. They look hungry and deprived. One hits

the other, signaling it's his shot. While one shoots, the

other watches.

Azul awakens and grabs the phone.

Moco is sitting in his pool. A swimming WAITER is bringing

him drinks.

Azul hangs up. He gets dressed and leaves. The little Rats

are about to follow, but one Rat walks over to get one look

at the girls. The girls tease him, and when he tries to

advance them, they pull guns and laugh as the Rat runs away.

Domino walks by with a trash can. Mariachi is sitting on a

barstool.

Mariachi gets up and is about to get his guitar case from

under the stool.

Mariachi leaves it under the stool and takes off the jacket.

Mariachi leaves. Domino drops the trash can and tells her

assistant to watch the bar. She heads for the staircase.

Domino walks out onto her balcony, peering down into the

street.

POV shot of Mariachi walking through the street.

Domino turns and walks to the phone. She dials a number by

heart and sits in a plush chair.

Moco answers the phone. Towel around his neck, wet hair.

Dolly into Moco.

The Clerk is reading a paper. He hears a noise and pulls it

aside. Mariachi is standing at the counter smiling. The Clerk

jumps in his seat, then after a few frozen seconds he sets

down his paper and reaches for Mariachi's old room key.

Mariachi shakes his head "no", points to the register, and

makes the money sign with his hand. The Clerk slowly moves

over to the register. He depresses a few keys to open it. It

won't open. He makes a gesture like it's stuck or something

(he is not very convincing). He tries again and again; each

time pretending to get more impatient.Mariachi glances down

at the Pit Bull. The Pit Bull is eyeing Mariachi.

Mariachi points to the Clerk as if he has an inside joke with

the dog ("this guy..."). Mariachi climbs over the counter and

stands next to the Clerk. The Clerk things Mariachi is a

lunatic. Mariachi holds up a finger as if cueing the Clerk

for a demonstration. Mariachi then leaps over the counter

landing firmly back on the other side of the counter.

CLOSEUP of his feet landing hard, just as before.

The register opens. Mariachi shrugs, smiles, and reaches into

the register, taking his money out himself. He counts it.

After a brief consideration, he decides to leave the old man

a tip. Mariachi waves a "good-bye" wave and dances out. The

old man, still standing there with his arms outstretched as

if he was robbed, dashes to the phone and calls Moco's men.

The bar Assistant is cleaning the bar. He walks over to grab

a few glasses and when he returns, Azul is sitting at the

barstool Mariachi was on earlier. The Assistant looks around,

wondering where Azul appeared from.

The Assistant grabs a mug and starts to fill it at the tap.

He fills it halfway when...

He grabs a bottle and hands it to Azul, then lifts the mug,

toasts and drinks it straight down.

Azul drinks his straight down, too.

Azul takes out a few more bills and hands them to the

Assistant, and begins to stand up.

Mariachi is out on the streets, returning to Domino's.

As he crosses the street he notices Azul leaving the saloon

with a guitar case. Mariachi runs into the saloon.

Mariachi runs inside and checks to see if his case is still

there. Domino comes downstairs.

Azul is walking to his truck when he turns to a corner and

Mean Dude #4 sticks his gun in his face. Two more guns

appear, pointed at the back of his head.

Is this the guy?

The two Rats are in the blue truck half a block away. One

hits the other to look at what's happening to Azul.

POV of Rats seeing Azul with three guys around him with guns.

They look at each other, start the truck and speed away.

Mean Dude #4 takes the case and lays it flat in Azul's palms.

Mean Dude #4 unsnaps two of the latches, SNAP SNAP.

He unsnaps three more... SNAP... SNAP... SNAP!

He points the gun deep into Azul's face and cocks it. Azul

closes his eyes. Mean Dude #5 lifts the lid. Azul hears a

faint strumming sound, followed by the sound of the Mean Dude

slamming the case shut. Azul opens his eyes. The Mean Dude

resnaps the latches. SNAP... SNAP... SNAP-SNAP-SNAP!!!

They walk away leaving Azul wondering what happened.

Domino, Mariachi, and Assistant are standing at the bar.

He grabs the case and begins to take it to the stairs, but he

pauses for it feels different to him. He slowly looks down at

it.

Azul watches the Mean Dudes go and when tey turn the corner

he puts the case on the ground to open it.

The Mean Dudes are rounding the corner, but Mean Dude #5, who

is last, snaps his fingers and motions to the others to keep

quiet and to watch Azul

Mariachi shakes the case, and puts it on the counter as if to

open it... but he doesn't need to check it. He knows it's not

his guitar.

Mariachi looks at her startled, then runs out of the bar with

the case.

Mean Dudes are watching Azul unsnap his case.

Azul opens the lid, revealing Mariachi's guitar.

The Mean Dudes start walking towards Azul as the camera

tracks back with them. Azul slams the case shut, wondering

what the hell is going on. He looks up and notices the Mean

Dudes walking towards him. He stands up and slowly walks in

the other direction.

Mariachi is running through the streets and onto the

sidewalk.

The bad guys are pulling out their weapons.

Mariachi bolts around the corner. Now everyone is on the same

sidewalk. Mariachi and Azul are on each end of the street

with the Mean Dudes in between them.

Azul turns and sees Mariachi with his guitar case. Mean Dude

#5 turns and sees Mariachi, too.

The two other Mean Dudes exchange glances. Mean Dude #5

stalks after Mariachi, so the other two follow. Mariachi

looks to Azul for help. Azul tips the imaginary hat to

Mariachi and walks away.

Mariachi runs through the street almost getting hit. Bullets

are flying as the Mean Dudes are firing at him as they run.

Mariachi leaps up over a few cars and ends up in a dead end.

He turns around, drops the case on the ground and opens it. A

million weapons seem to stare back at him when he opens it.

He is frantic. He grabs a small gun, shakes it in his hand,

doesn't like the feel. He tosses it back in.

The Mean Dudes are barreling down the street. One turns

towards the dead end.

Mariachi pulls out the MAC-10 and blasts the first Mean Dude

he sees. He grabs the case and runs out into the street,

jumping onto a truck and blasting the other Mean Dude from up

there. He sees Mean Dude #5 run away.

Mariachi comes off the truck and walks through the streets in

slow motion. Peolple are staring at him as if he was Azul the

killer. Mariachi walks straight to the bar. A BOY is bouncing

a ball on one of the sidewalks.

The camera dollies past the vacant pool table, and over to a

Rat sitting in a chair, drinking a beer. The other Rat is

pacing back and forth in front of the sitting Rat. Azul

enters the room. Throwing his guitar case onto the pool table

as a grand entrance gesture. The sitting Rat stands beside

the pacing Rat.

Rat #2 nods in agreement. Azul unsnaps one of the latches.

He opens the case and the guitar sparkles at them. The Rats

exchange glances. They look at the guitar then back at Azul.

The two Rats are about to leave.

Both Rats take out their guns. Azul takes Rat #2's gun.

The Rats exchange glances, then aim their eyes back to the

floor. Azul turns to Rat #2.

Azul gestures to Rat #2.

Rat #1 turns to Rat #2 who is in shock.

Azul aims his gun at Rat #1, who immediately aims his gun at

Rat #2. Rat #2 is sweating bullets. Rat #1 puts his gun down.

Rat #2 glances back and forth between Rat #1 and Azul.

Azul puts his gun down and motions the rats to leave. They

leave. When they exit, Rat #1 turns to Rat #2 and snaps his

fingers. Rat #2 shakes his hand. They leave.

Domino is dabbing hydrogen peroxide onto a cotton swab. She

applies it to Mariachi's body scars on his back. Mariachi has

his eyes closed. He washes the blood from his face.

Mean Dude #5 comes in and approaches Moco.

Moco takes out a cigarette and puts it in his mouth.

Moco takes out a match.

Moco lights his match across Mean Dude #5's face and lights

his cigarette. Mean Dude #5 walks away, as Moco flicks his

match at him in slow motion.

Mariachi is about to lay on the floor. She tosses him a

blanket.

The phone rings. Domino gets up to answer it. Mariachi

reaches under his blanket for a small mirror and combs his

hair, putting spit in his hair to slick it down. He quickly

stashes the mirror.

Moco is sitting at a table playing cards.

She hangs up.

Domino walks over to the counter and picks up a key.

Mariachi laughs.

She sits next to Mariachi.

They kiss. She gets up and is about to turn off the lights.

Domino laughs.

Domino hands Mariachi a wad of money.

Mariachi sees the money and looks up at her bewildered.

Mariachi starts to put up his hand as if to refuse it.

Mariachi stops and thinks... He looks up at her

questioningly, then he shrugs an "OK" and grabs the money and

jogs out excitedly. Domino is smiling.

Mariachi walks down the sidewalk, passing curioso shops. The

camera is low and zoomed in all the way. Mariachi stops by

one of the window that has a guitar in the glass. He pulls

his money and counts it. He stops after he notices someone's

reflection in the window. He turns around and sees it is Mean

Dude #5 right across the street. He meets up with another

Mean Dude. They are standing right behind Mariachi. Mariachi

is pretending to still look at the window. The Mean Dudes

walk past Mariachi so Mariachi walks in the opposite

direction. Mean Dude #5 stops and then turns around slowly.

Far zoomed shot of Mariachi walking down the street with guys

behind him. They start after him.

Tracking shot following Mariachi.

Tracking shot in front of Mean Dudes walking at Mariachi.

Mean Dude #5 pulls out a small walkie-talkie and calls his

buddy in the truck a block away.

LOCO starts the truck and starts driving slowly across the

street. As he turns on the corner, Mariachi sees the truck

and casually climbs inside and hides in the back. Mean Dude

#5 turns the corner when whispers into walkie-talkie.

Mean Dude #5 laughs.

Mean Dude #5 taps his buddy and they start running down the

block.

Mariachi is in back the truck searching for a weapon. The

truck stops. Mariachi rolls to the side and gently lifts his

head.

POV Mariachi sees the two Mean Dudes walking at him. Mariachi

turns and Loco is there to knock him in the face with the

rifle butt. Mariachi falls into truck, blood trickling from

his dizzying head. He tries to get up a bit, but Loco is in

the truck now, and slams the rifle down into his face hard...

Blackout.

Mariachi is unconcious in the back of Loco's truck. Mean Dude

#5 and other Mean Dudes are riding in back with Mariachi.

The above scene intercuts back and forth with the arrival of

Loco. Loco arrives at the gate, Mean Dude #5 opens the gate,

they drive through. The truck is facing Moco so he can't see

Mariachi yet. Mean Dude #5 closes the gate and walks over to

the truck, opens the back door, and calls Moco over. Moco

walks over to the truck and looks inside.

Mariachi is laying there unconcious, Moco puts his arm around

Mean Dude #5, who is looking very proud, and Moco pulls out a

cigarette and a match.

Moco strikes the match behind Mean Dude #5's head. Mean Dude

#5 stops smiling.

Domino is waiting on customers. She glances at her watch. A

few seconds later she glances at it again. She looks very

worried.

Azul's Rats burst into the hideout. FOUR GIRLS pop up over

the partition with guns. The Rats stop in their tracks. The

girls sigh a "oh, it's them" sigh and slink back to bed. Top

shot of them trying to wake Azul. Azul wakes up and looks

over the partition.

Azul thinks a moment. He stands up.

Azul dresses, smiling...

Mariachi is in a holding cell at the ranch. He twitches,

finally waking up.

He sees a GUARD outside and finds a way to escape.

He grabs the guard's assault rifle and turns a corner. Two

men grab him. He slams the butt of the rifle, knocking the

wind and teeth out of BAD GUY #1, then he kicks down and

breaks the shin bone of BAD GUY #2 who screams out in agony.

Mariachi silences him by karate punching his throat. The Bad

Guy gurgles and hits the ground.

Angle from the ground as Mariachi smashes the guy with is

gun.

He crawls up a wall, trying to escape as quietly as he can.

He sees TWO MORE MEN running towards him since they heard

some noise. Mariachi aims his assault rifle at the blue Chevy

parked behind him. He fires and it explodes.

Mariachi jumps Loco, gets him to drive him to the saloon. He

also takes Loco's money.

Azul walks into frame, looks around then proceeds into the

bar.

Azul goes inside and finds Domino tending the bar.

She grabs a bottle and slams it down on the counter unopened.

He eyes her admirably and then pops the top with one hand.

He guzzles the drink, slamming it down empty.

Domino grabs another beer for him and runs to get the case.

(In between this time, Mariachi escapes with Loco.)

She returns, slamming it to the floor.

Domino calls her Assistant.

They leave. The Assistant tends to the bar.

They drive out to Moco's ranch in Azul's truck. Little do

they know, they passed Loco's truck with Mariachi crouched in

the passenger seat. He gets up after the truck passes.

Mariachi didn't know it was Domino in Azul's truck or he

could have turned around and kept her from going to Moco's

ranch.

They arrive at the gate and het out of the truck.

Azul grabs Domino and points a gun to her head. He whispers

to her...

He kicks at the gate.

The gate opens and we see Moco standing at a three-quarter

stance, flanked with his men on both sides. Azul drags Domino

in and faces her at Moco with a gun to her head.

Azul cocks the pistol.

Moco signals his men to get the money.

Azul is glancing between Domino and Moco.

Azul is anxious now.

Moco pulls out his gun and shoots her in the heart. She falls

limp in Azul's arms. Azul tries hold her up, but she's dead.

Azul rests her on the ground, looking down at her, wondering

why it's all come to this.

Azul slowly looks at Moco.

Moco shoots Azul in the heart. Azul had his hands to his

side, and now he falls to his knees. Moco shoots him again,

and Azul dies next to Domino.

Mean Dude #5 is exchanging glances with the others. No one

seems to be on Moco's side.

Mariachi is still in Loco's truck.

Loco stops the truck and Mariachi gets out. Loco drives back

when Mariachi motions for him to leave. Mariachi watches him

go then dashes around the corner to the saloon.

Mariachi runs into the bar...

The Assistant rushes over to Mariachi.

Mariachi is about to race upstairs.

Mariachi tries to make sense of it all for a minute before

grabbing the gun from under the counter and rushing upstairs.

INT. DOMINO'S LOFT - DAY Mariachi grabs the key to the

motorcycle and runs out. The motorcycle burns down the road.

Mariachi barrels down the road on the motorcycle.

Moco is walking away from the bodies.

Some men go to check.

Cut back and forth with Mariachi coming.

Mariachi rides through the semi-open gate... stopping at the

bodies. He dismounts the bike and holds Domino.

He has the gun in the back of his pants. You can see it while

his back is to the camera and men are approaching him. Moco

comes for the show.

Mariachi slowly lifts his eyes to Moco.

Mariachi stands, hands up.

Mariachi says nothing.

Moco fires into Mariachi's left hand. Mariachi grimaces,

crumbling to the floor. He keeps a tight grip on his hand.

When he opens his hand to see the damage, the camera can see

right through his hand for a reverse shot of his face through

the hole.

Moco is laughing and looking at his men for support, but no

one else laughs. Mariachi tries to stand, but he falls back.

When he rises again he has the gun in his hand. He shoots

Moco in the chest. Moco falls back and hits the ground hard.

He gasps for air...

Moco's men gather around him. Mean Dude #5 crouches down to

check Moco's throat pulse. Moco's dead. Mean Dude #5 strikes

a match across Moco's face and lights up a cigarette. He

turns and walks away. The others follow.

Mariachi wraps a tourniquet on his arm, kisses Domino, opens

Azul's case, sees the weapons, and rides off with it.

He looks back at the town behind him, then places his hand on

the motorcycle to drive off. We notice the metal brace on his

hand.

Mariachi rides into the sunset road. He speeds pas a sign:

"ACUNA 18 miles"

"Coming soon

